the ways to an Object eligible for GC
----------------------------------------
1. Nullifying the reference variable.
2. Reassign the reference variable.
3. Object are created inside method.
4. island isolation 

finalize()
---------
the finalize() method is a special method provided by the object class In java .which can overridden to perform cleanup operations before an object is garbage collected.

Constructor
-----------
Object creation is not enough compulsory we should perform initialization then only the object Is in a position to provide response properly.

when ever we are creating an object some piece of code will be executed automatically to perform initialization of object.this piece of code is nothing but constructor.

Hence the main objective of constructor is to perform initialization of an object.

Rules to write constructors
--------------------------
1. name of the constructor and name of the class must be same.
2. return type concept is not applicable for costructors even void also by mistake if we are declaring the return type for the constructor w wont get any compiltime and runtime error compiler simply treates it as a method.

3. the only applicable modifiers to declare constructors are public, private, protected and default.

types of constructors
------------------------
there are 3 types of constructors.
default constructor
-------------------
for every class in java including abstract classes also constructor concept is applicable.

if we are not writing at least one constructor then complier will generate default constructor.

if we are writing at least one constructor then compiler won't generate any default constructor. hence every class contains either complier generated constructor or programmer written constructor but not both simultanesously.

parameterized Constructor
--------------------------
a parameterized constructor in java is a constructor that allow you to initialize the object of a class with specific values at a time of object creation.

unlike the default constructor, which takes no arguments, a parameterized constructor accept one or more parameters.

syntax
----
public className(parametrized-list){

}

Copy Consstructor
-----------------
a copy constructor in java is a special type of constructor that initializes a new Object as a copy of an Exisitng object of the same class.

it accepts an object of the same class as parameter and initializes the new Object state with values from existing Object.

Syntax
------
modifier className(classObject){
}